# Group 45 - Meeting Minutes - Week 6

Location: Drebbelweg - PC Hall 1
Date: Mar 21, 2023
Time: 16:45 - 17:30
Attendees: 
- Maria Cristescu
- Luca Ionescu
- Vlad Ionita
- Justin Jo
- Francisco Cunha

## Items
### Opening (5 min)
- Check-in
- Review of the last meeting
- Approval of the agenda

### Agenda 1 - Checking up on the sprints (10 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - Are we keeping up with our desired timeline?
    - Based on our current progress, how much of the advanced features can we complete by week 8?

- Decisions: 
    - Right now, we are on track
    - We should prioritize the linking of tasks to lists, so we can finish the basic implementations
    - We can probably do multiboard, card details by the end of week 8

### Agenda 2 - Checking if the server works (10 - 15 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - Are we able to connect 2 computers to the same server?
    - Can a user disconnect a client and connect to a different server?

- Decisions: 
    - We still need to check the server part of the project

### Agenda 3 - Making a prototype (5 - 10 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - Discuss how a prototype should be made

- Decisions: 
    - We need to write a report on the review from the other team
    - Use screenshots of our current client for the base of the prototype
    - After we have our prototype, we need to create the google form, so the other team can review our product.

### Planning next meeting (5 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - Define what will be discussed in the next meeting
    - Define chair and minute taker for next meeting

- Decisions: 
    - Maria will be the chair
    - Justin will be the minute-taker

### Action points summary & Questions (5 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - What will happen now that we've lost one of our team members?
    - How and when will we conduct the heuristic evaluation of team 44?

- Decisions: 
    - We should send our review by the end of today (individual)
  
### Closure
