# Group 45 - Meeting Minutes - Week 4

Location: Drebbelweg - PC Hall 1
Date: Mar 7, 2023
Time: 16:45 - 17:30
Attendees: 
- Maria Cristescu
- Luca Ionescu
- Vlad Ionita
- Justin Jo
- Francisco Cunha
- Renyi Yang

## Agenda items  

### Agenda 1 - Revise class diagram

Discussed topics:
-  Based on the official backlog, what needs to be changed (if any) in the draft class diagram?
	- Add Workspaces (collection of Boards) into the class diagram, if the current class diagram is not enough

Decisions:
- Implement the current class diagram and decide from there if we need Workspace as well

### Agenda 2 - Discuss SCRUM

Discussed topics:
- How long will our sprints be?
- When will our sprint planning, review and retrospective be?
- Will we estimate story points? How (i.e. planning poker, average estimation)?
- Will we merge dev into main at the end of every sprint?

Decisions:
- Sprints of 1 week length (5 sprints in total, week 8 being the final deadline)
- We will have a progress check on Tuesday and on Thursday we will wrap up the sprint and plan the next one, the retrospective will be uploaded directly to gitlab
- Do story points at each sprint in order to divide work better
- Merge dev to main at the end of every sprint to have a collection of progress and to always have the option to go back to a working version

### Agenda 3 - Divide implementation tasks for the week

Discussed topics:
- Define what should be implemented in the first week of coding
- Divide these tasks between ourselves

Decisions:
- Implement the basic application if possible, if not then finish it in the upcoming week
- Go through the backlog and create issues for each user story, then assign the basic application issues to individual people - DONE

### Additional discussed topics

Discussed topics:
- Based on the official backlog, what extra functionalities should we do and what functionalities need to be dropped?
- Make changes regarding the way we upload agendas and notes
- How many epics should we do per week?

Decisions:
- Implement the ability to connect to different servers based on IP
- Drop the idea of implementing filtering
- Instead of merging the agendas and notes directly to main, we should make a merge request, that way everyone can approve before merging
- Preferably at least 1 epic, that way we can also have a final week dedicated to testing and fixing the application