# Group 45 Meeting Minutes - Week 8

### Date / Time
- Apr 04, 2023
- 15:15 - 15:40
### Attendees
- Maria Cristescu
- Luca Ionescu
- Vlad Ionita
- Justin Jo
- Francisco Cunha
### Chair / Minute taker
- Chair: Justin Jo
- Minute taker: Luca Ionescu

## Items
### Opening (5 min)
- Check-in
- Review of the last meeting
- Approval of the agenda

### Agenda 1 - Checking up on the sprint (5 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - Are we keeping up with our desired timeline for this sprint?
    - What issues are we having with finalising the project?
    - How far did we get with testing the frontend?

- Decisions:
    - We have to split controllers into services so frontend testing can be finished this sprint
    - We consider working on tags because of the time extension
    - We will focus on technology and testing rubrics, finish the HUE and video pitch, and only after that, if time allows it, we will start working on tags

### Agenda 2 - Looking back at the HUE (8 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - Read the feedback together
    - How can we improve it?
    - What do we still need to add?

- Decisions:
    - We will look into improving all aspects of the HUE which are below good

### Agenda 3 - Looking back at the Product Pitch (8 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - Read the feedback together
    - Are we going to make any changes to who is presenting which feature?
    - How can we improve it?

- Decisions:
    - We will redo the product pitch in order to show off all the features of the final application and provide storytelling

### Plan next meeting (2 min)
- Discussed topics:
    - Decide who is going to be the chair and minute taker for next week
    - Decide when we should have another meeting this week before the deadline

- Decisions:
    - For next meeting, the chair will be Luca Ionescu and the minute take Francisco Cunha
### Action points summary & Questions (2 min)
- Review action points that were defined during the meeting
- Ask any uncertainties to the TA/each other

### Closure
